---
layout: post
title:  "Mentee Experience in PwC's Women Mentorship Program Eka 2020-21"
date:   2021-11-21 23:10:00
blurb: "About the project"
---

### Table of Contents

1. [About the Program](#about-the-program)
2. [My Learnings](#my-learnings)

### About the Program

The program's objective is to empower women in technology to become future leaders, by extending to them knowledge and skills that will jumpstart their professional life. The mentorship was extended to 5 students of 3rd & 4th year engineering of MKSSS' Cummins College of Engineering for Women, Pune.

The selection process was based on the submission of an essay on “Leading Oneself”.

I received the opportunity to participate in the first cohort of PwC Eka.

### My Learnings

Throughout the program, I participated in Innovation workstreams, workshops on Managing Engagements & Business/Ops, Story-telling and Problem-Solving sessions, and Performance Reviews.

Finally, I had a 1-on-1 Fireside chat with Mr. Khoushik Selvaraj, Senior Manager from Oracle practice at PwC AC - India.

Interacting with all the leaders was nothing short of an awe-inspiring experience. We had honest discussions about leadership and personal development. Some of my most meaningful takeaways were as follows -
1. Upskill - Take initiatives and drive yourself
2. Assess yourself regularly
3. Develop confidence in presenting views
4. Take criticism sportingly, not emotionally
5. Be empathetic
6. Actively work on resolving conflicts in perceptions
7. Believe in yourself


My interactions with Ms. Santoshi Kittur, Managing Director PwC - Service Delivery Centre, will stay with me for a long time. During one of our meetings, she said, "Change will not come without loss." As someone who keeps faith in the passing of time, I will continue to cherish this advice.
